alan if you're already with sibor from
the ipfs gateway alan
okay
[Applause]
no i i really didn't need another 10
minutes to figure this out
uh cool all right let's go over here um
uh okay sibor concise of
binary object representation i've got
this um cid
here and it's encoded with with dag cbor
and if i go and explore it in the
explorer um
then i can see that there's there's some
there's some information in here
um and i can click through and i can see
that actually the several links to a
dagp node
uh which is uh which is a i think it's
just a directory with an image in it
um so all cool so far um
and then um and then i went to the uh
ipfs uh gateway and plugged that in and
ah
oh no it's not i cannot see it on the
gateway
um unknown node type so that's um that's
mildly frustrating um but what's kind of
weird is that i can
i i the gateway is able to traverse
through that node like
i can i can get to that image property
uh and i get the directory and then i
can look at the image
uh and so that's kind of weird that i
can't see that extra
i'm missing that whole all of this extra
data that's in here this name and this
whatever that meta thing is in the
description um so
that's kind of annoying um and so
the context of this is that um we were
sort of exploring what
uh how how best it might be to
encode um nft metadata and we thought
that
you know you see ball could be a good um
good format it's concise
uh it's small uh and um and if you know
if we ever wanted to view any
any kind of file coin stuff on an ipfs
gateway
it would be tricky because um
a it doesn't it currently doesn't show
us any of that stuff
um and b because almost all of the cids
and filecoin are
um are cbor encoded so
there you go so i said a pr and i've got
my ipfs node running here and i can now
um this is so this is my gateway logo
host 8080
um and look hey when i when i
do this now it comes back to me as a
application seabor thing that i can
download
this is just the raw bytes uh of the of
the node
um so that's kind of fun if you like
uh like to just interpret cbore
um but you can also add a n equals
json uh parameter here and it will
actually show me
the it will do that conversion for me
and that's kind of one of the cool
things about siebel is that it maps
really
really well to json so um it was really
easy to just
spit it out as a json document um
so that is kind of my demo um
here it is and these are links to the to
the image uh
and i can also um obviously traverse
this as i would
um previously with the with the image
or at least i thought i could uh all
right
maybe it's going to get that um
no it's not on my local node anyway so
that that's my demo
i've just got a really it's a really
small pr open and it just
uh it just allows me to uh allows the
gateway
to serve cyborg dag nodes uh so that's
kind of fun
uh go and check it out if you're
interested
it's very nifty
any questions about that
nice all right uh yeah that's all that's
all of our scheduled programming for
today